1#1#Cultivation level#The quantified values that characters obtain through various trainings and experiences can be utilized in different systems designed to enhance their attributes#These can be obtained through various tasks, contracts, and bounties. Some higher-ranking individuals may provide guidance to characters for obtaining them. Defeated enemies have a chance to drop various cultivation books, which can be used to acquire them#
2#2#Introspection#The quantified insights and experiences gained by a character through various practices and encounters can be utilized in multiple systems designed to enhance and refine their attributes#These can be obtained through various tasks, commissions, and bounties. Some high-ranking individuals may provide guidance for the character to acquire them. Defeated enemies have a chance to drop various Insight Books, which can be acquired by using them#
3#3#经脉#奇经八脉既不直属脏腑，又无表里配合关系，“别道奇行”，故称“奇经”。五脏开窍是为肝开窍于目，心开窍于舌，脾开窍于口，肺开窍于鼻，肾开窍于耳及二阴。该系统是角色属性养成的主要来源之一，也是修习一些武学的前置条件。激活经脉和五脏开窍都有成功率，可添加辅助道具，丹药等提升成功率。部分经脉点位和五脏可在激活后洗练效果。#经脉点位由外而内分层级打通。五脏开窍不区分层级，但需打通所有经脉点。打通经脉点和五脏开窍会消耗一定的修为值。|经脉点属性分为固灵属性，附灵属性，暗灵属性。其中固灵属性激活点位时可获得；附灵属性，除大经脉点位激活拥有外，其余点位必须使用密卷激活才可附加上；暗灵属性必须使用带有效果的心法攻体激活时才会附加上。|五脏属性分为经脉属性和经脉技能。其中属性激活时可获得，也可通过密卷激活附加上；技能只能使用带有效果的心法攻体激活时才会附加上。#
4#4#The Realm#Jingjie represents both an individual's level of thought and awareness, as well as their willpower cultivation. It is a structured display of a character's comprehensive understanding and attainment in martial arts and spiritual realms, providing clear goals for role progression and direction. Progression through jingjie requires advancing from lower to higher levels in a single direction. Once the necessary conditions are met, a jingjie breakthrough can be undertaken, consuming a certain amount of cultivation points and understanding values.#To initiate a realm breakthrough, certain necessary conditions must be met. Successfully doing so grants the corresponding Gu Ling attribute. If optional conditions are satisfied during the breakthrough, an additional Realm Eternal Skill can be obtained. The success rate for a realm breakthrough exists; repeated failures may lead to entering a stage of spiritual chaos, blocking meridians or vital points#
